Xssive Demonstration Framework.

For more information visit here - http://makthpla.net/xssive/

The Xssive Framework is a tool written in python that not only
demonstrates cross site scripting vulnerabilities, it also allows a security
professional easily manage and launch escalated attacks on multiple
different hooked targets simultaneously. This tool was developed using
web.py; a minimalist python based web framework. All of the libraries I
used in development are Free and open source.

There are many tools out there that use similar techniques, most of them
are better. I aimed to allow multiple different interfaces take advantage of this
tool such as a web page, irc bot, or a terminal based tool. It would also allow for 
simultaneous control by multiple different parties at once.
This tool was developed as a 3rd year project in DCU.

Folders and their usage.
db/ 		-Stores local sqlite databases
modules/ 	-Stores javascript attack modules
tests/		-Various tests
hook/		-Hook code
static/		-This folder holds regular files that are web accessible


Library Installation

web.py - ( http://webpy.org )
This is a simple, lightweight, standalone python based web framework. I
found it very easy to use and felt it would greatly suit the planned tools
requirements. I have never used it before; the libraries website was very
clear cut and contained many demonstrative examples.
Installation instructions - ( http://webpy.org/install )

I installed it on my ubuntu 12.10 distribution using the following:
wget http://webpy.org/static/web.py-0.37.tar.gz
python setup.py install - in the extracted folder.
Xssive Installation Guide

In order to use this tool you must have python2.7.3 installed. This tool was developed for Linux
based operating systems, it could however be easily edited to function with other Operating
Systems.
Step 1: Firstly download the Xssive.tar.gz which is available at the following location:
http://makthepla.net/Xssive.tar.gz

Step 2: Then you need to uncompress the Gzip by using the following command on Linux
$ tar -zxvf Xssive.tar.gz

Step 3: Xssive.py is the main xssive proxy server. It may be best to run this as root as it needs
to use web sockets. If not create a user with the appropriate permissions. It can be started using
one the following command.
$ sudo python Xssive.py

Step 4: When your tool is running you will be presented with the current host location/port and a
Control key (highlighted in red). This control key will be used by any control devices to interact
with the server.

Step 5: For a demonstration use the simple_control_device.py. The control device needs the
host location of the proxy server and the control key to be passed into it.
Troubleshoot: The demonstration control device uses this -H (host) in creating the Urls, make
sure the host has not got a final /
$ python simple_control_device.py -H http://theXssiveProxyHost -K 17b573eada554ba3b0613eb418094cd4



Help Options

There is a help menu available when you run the Xssive.py file which is the main server.
Use the -h argument. You will be presented with the following information.
Xssive Demonstration Framework

optional arguments:
    -h, --help          Show this help message and exit
    -p PORT             Specify a port.
    -H HOST             Specify where to run proxy server. Default is the current host.
    -v                  Display example injection vectors.
    -mysql DBINFO       Provide information for an external Database to use in the format  
                        "host,user,passwd,db". By default this tool will use a local SQLite database.
    -db FILE            Provide a named SQLite database to use.
    -page PAGE          Provide a webpage , the contents will be displayed at the 
                        /Page location.For use with attack code.

